Update ticketing stubs (#84535)
ansible/ansible: hacking/ticket_stubs/proposal.md

<https://github.com/ansible/proposals/blob/master/proposals_process_proposal.md>

Because this project is very active, we're unlikely to see comments made on closed tickets and we lock them after some time.

> The Forum is the best way to ask questions or post if you don't think this particular issue is resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ansible Forum is the best place to start a discussion about this particular issue.
```
